We covered Lync roundups as a content idea earlier, and now we're going to take a look at the other
side of the equation, which is getting your content featured in someone else's roundup link.
Roundups are a really popular format, which means there are lots of opportunities if you have a valuable
piece of content to promote, the process is pretty simple.
Head over to Google and try searching for different variations of Roundup.
Plus your industry.
When you find some relevant lists, you can begin to reach out to the creators.
All you have to do is tell them who you are.
Let them know that you saw their link roundup and found it valuable and say that you have a piece of
content you want to share with them.
Make sure they know exactly why your post is awesome and what value it will bring to their audience.
Now, I'm going to pause here to remind you again that the quality of your content is always priority
number one.
And I would never advise you to waste your time and someone else's time promoting a piece of mediocre
content.
If you're going to be bold enough to directly ask someone to link to your content, it needs to be something
you're truly proud of.
With that said, getting featured in a link roundup is a great way to reach a new audience, drive some
long term traffic, and it's great for your SEO to have an authoritative site pointing to your valuable
resource with a link.